I wouldn't guess filming for who yeah
we've got we've got for high school
students here that that was a strong
voice right there the kid the children
sweet how are you um what are you guys
majoring in I'm in basic you know film
but this is boring science class be so
all right so tell us where you're from
what's going on why you guys out here hi
We're from aldi high school okay so
what's good why are you here what's
going on what's the cause what are we
talking about your do testing Ellen
we're all out here to where is awareness
about LNG and relaxed behind it that are
so detrimental to the environment marine
ecosystem we're all concerned that in
five and ten years been alternative
are out and LNG terminal will still be
on the oceans are all protesting now
just say Leah ecosystem while we still
can before it's too late and what our
kids one of those fat what are those
repercussions what's what are we
fighting it gets to protect migratory
patterns of the whales concern with that
leakage of the tube so upon T so nearly
clawed into transportation to land what
happens to something leaks so yeah air
pollution that goes along the smog that
comes out from LNG terminal no allergies
not it's a better fuel fossil fuels
we're using and we understand that but
we want new green technology what you
don't want to settle for energy we want
Hydra hydrogen cars we want electric
vehicles not stop Wow top
the whale is going on the whales their
way talk about that way up dere to the
what else well the whales migrate
through Malibu every year and we watch
them and it's kind of a huge part of
analogies culture hello and see the way
I was actually just stripping Surfrider
like five minutes ago and a whale like a
baby well I think it was a gray well
came out like at least 100 meters right
in front leaf so that was way cool the
tacos experiences were you just surfing
like at your favorite surf spot and of
like a blue or a gray well comes up
alright that's amazing you're here good
to have that like be destroyed because
LNG that's going to be ridiculous so
we're fighting for Nnanji rock on thank
you guys yeah